[Fixes - Documentation] update the CONTRIBUTING.md with Issues & Pull Requests sections (#4934)
layer5io/layer5: CONTRIBUTING.md

To help you get started on contributing to Layer5 projects, refer to the [Layer5 Newcomers Guide](https://layer5.io/community/newcomers), which aims to make contributions easier for new folks like you! See the resources and tutorials to help you get started. Along with this we have an extensive handbook on how this community works , how folks inside the community wear different hats to run it and few of its guidelines, have a look inside the [Community Handbook](https://layer5.io/community/handbook).

## Issues & Pull Requests

### Creating an Issue

Before **creating** an Issue i.e for `features`/`bugs`/`improvements` please follow these steps:

1. search existing Issues before creating a new issue (look to see if the issue has already been created)
1. if it doesn't exist create a new issue giving as much context as possible (please take note and select the correct Issue type, for example `bug`, `documentation` or `feature`)
1. if you wish to work on the Issue once it has been triaged, please include this in your Issue description

> ### Working on an Issue (get it assigned to you)

Reviewer: I think you can consider shortening or totally removing the text in bracket as it is already explained in the subsequent paragraph. This is optional though.

Author: Thanks for the feedback, will push an update without it.

Before working on an existing Issue please follow these steps:

1. comment asking for the issue to be assigned to you (do not tag maintainers on GitHub or Slack as all maintainers receive your comment notifications)
1. after the Issue is assigned to you, you can start working on it
1. **only** start working on this Issue (and open a Pull Request) when it has been assigned to you - this will prevent confusion, multiple people working on the same issue and work not being used
1. reference the Issue in your Pull Request (for example `This PR fixes #123`)

> Notes:
>
> - check the `Assignees` box at the top of the page to see if the issue has been assigned to someone else before requesting this be assigned to you
> - if an Issue is unclear, ask questions to get more clarity before asking to have the Issue assigned to you

> > - only request to be assigned an Issue if you know how to work on it

Reviewer 2: From my vantage point, this should be point #1 and is where we're experiencing the most pain today.

> - an Issue can be assigned to multiple people, if you all agree to collaborate on the issue (the Pull Request can contain commits from different collaborators)
> - any Issues that have no activity after 2 weeks will be unassigned and re-assigned to someone else

## Reviewing Pull Requests

> We welcome everyone to review Pull Requests, it is a great way to learn, network and support each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We welcome everyone to review Pull Requests. It is a great way to learn, network, and support each other.
```

Very good of you to have captured this sentiment. More would-be contributors need to heed this counsel.

To help you get started on contributing to Layer5 projects, refer to the [Layer5 Newcomers Guide](https://layer5.io/community/newcomers), which aims to make contributions easier for new folks like you! See the resources and tutorials to help you get started. Along with this we have an extensive handbook on how this community works , how folks inside the community wear different hats to run it and few of its guidelines, have a look inside the [Community Handbook](https://layer5.io/community/handbook).

## Issues & Pull Requests

### Creating an Issue

Before **creating** an Issue i.e for `features`/`bugs`/`improvements` please follow these steps:

> 1. Search existing Issues before creating a new Issue (look to see if the Issue has already been created)
> 1. If it doesn't exist create a new Issue giving as much context as possible (please take note and select the correct Issue type, for example `bug`, `documentation` or `feature`)
> 1. If you wish to work on the Issue once it has been triaged, please include this in your Issue description
> 
> ### Working on an Issue
> 
> Before working on an existing Issue please follow these steps:
> 
> 1. Comment asking for the Issue to be assigned to you (do not tag maintainers on GitHub or Slack as all maintainers receive your comment notifications)
> 1. After the Issue is assigned to you, you can start working on it
> 1. **only** start working on this Issue (and open a Pull Request) when it has been assigned to you - this will prevent confusion, multiple people working on the same Issue and work not being used
> 1. Reference the Issue in your Pull Request (for example `This PR fixes #123`)
> 
> > Notes:
> >
> > - Check the `Assignees` box at the top of the page to see if the Issue has been assigned to someone else before requesting this be assigned to you
> > - Only request to be assigned an Issue if you know how to work on it
> > - If an Issue is unclear, ask questions to get more clarity before asking to have the Issue assigned to you
> > - An Issue can be assigned to multiple people, if you all agree to collaborate on the Issue (the Pull Request can contain commits from different collaborators)
> > - Any Issues that have no activity after 2 weeks will be unassigned and re-assigned to someone else
> 
> ## Reviewing Pull Requests
> 
> We welcome everyone to review Pull Requests. It is a great way to learn, network, and support each other.
> 
> ### DOs
> 
> - Use inline comments to explain your suggestions
> - Use inline suggestions to propose changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Search existing Issues before creating a new Issue (look to see if the Issue has already been created).
1. If it doesn't exist create a new Issue giving as much context as possible (please take note and select the correct Issue type, for example `bug`, `documentation` or `feature`.
1. If you wish to work on the Issue once it has been triaged, please include this in your Issue description.

### Working on an Issue

Before working on an existing Issue please follow these steps:

1. Comment asking for the Issue to be assigned to you.
1. To best position yourself for Issues assignment, we recommend that you:
    1. Confirm that you have read the CONTRIBUTING.md.
    1. Have a functional development environment (have built and are able to run the project).
    1. Convey your intended approach to solving the issue.
    1. Put each of these items in writing in one or more comments.
1. After the Issue is assigned to you, you can start working on it.
1. In general, **only** start working on this Issue (and open a Pull Request) when it has been assigned to you. Doing so will prevent confusion, duplicate work (some of which may go unaccepted given its duplicity), incidental stepping on toes, and the headache involved for maintainers and contributors alike as Issue assignments collide and heads bump together. 
1. Reference the Issue in your Pull Request (for example `This PR fixes #123`). so that the corresponding Issue is automatically closed upon merge of your Pull Request.

> Notes:
>
> - Check the `Assignees` box at the top of the page to see if the Issue has been assigned to someone else before requesting this be assigned to you. If the issue has a current Assignee, but appears to be inactive, politely inquire with the current Assignee as to whether they are still working on a solution and/or if you might collaborate with them.
> - Only request to be assigned an Issue if you know how to work on it.
> - If an Issue is unclear, ask questions to get more clarity before asking to have the Issue assigned to you; avoid asking "what do I do next? how do I fix this?" (see the item above this line)
> - An Issue can be assigned to multiple people, if you all agree to collaborate on the Issue (the Pull Request can contain commits from different collaborators)
> - Any Issues that has no activity after 2 weeks will be unassigned and re-assigned to someone else.

## Reviewing Pull Requests

We welcome everyone to review Pull Requests. It is a great way to learn, network, and support each other.

### DOs

- Use inline comments to explain your suggestions
- Use inline suggestions to propose changes
```
